Documentation meta-descriptions review N° 4 (#5558)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/tools/agent-groups.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Find out how the agent_groups program allows you to list agents assigned to a group. Learn more about it in this section of the Wazuh documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Find out how to list agents assigned to a group using the agent_groups program. Learn more about it in this section of the Wazuh documentation.
```
